Your team has just been hired as the network and security
administrators of cyber systems that work in conjunction with the
production and delivery of natural gas infrastructure for the
Natural Gas Demand Corporation (NGDC). NGDC is the nation’s only
start-to-finish
natural
gas
production,
transmission,
and
distribution company. NGDC handles all aspects of this highly
valued product from extracting the raw gas resources, processing,
transportation, and distribution to residential, commercial,
industrial, and electric power consumers. NGDC recently has been
hit with what multiple “minor” cyber attacks against their pipeline
transmission infrastructure and have not successfully been able to
review, update, or patch their systems with appropriate mitigation
solutions without having to stop all operations. These attacks
were assumed to be achieved by the hacker organization known as
RedCrew. The motivation was a protest about the newly appointed
distributer: GREENEnergy. NGDC has hired you and your team as
subject matter experts help secure this network and has requested
that you secure their user supply and marketing portal
(distribution)
network.
These
two
networks
require
high
availability and should not be taken offline for any reason unless
dictated by the Chief Executive Officer – Ronald Variable.
Unfortunately, there has not been a solid security team at NGDC in
about three years and the network architecture drawings and
operational technology (OT) topology are largely out of date.
Additionally, NGDC is requesting that a new File-Sharing client
and IT communications be set up to allow customers and NGDC to be
able to interact without utilizing credentials. The current system
is broken and has no authentication measures. There has been little
or no funding provided for this task until you as a team can
demonstrate your capabilities to resolve their issues. This means
that you and your team must secure these complex IT and OT systems
utilizing free or open-source materials and best practices while
maintaining full functionality for the company operators and the
end users.

http://docdroid.net/tcALxGp

